Version 31 (#1031)
seek-oss/braid-design-system: .changeset/fuzzy-pans-smell.md

---
'braid-design-system': patch
---

---
updated:
  - Text
---

**Text:** Improve contrast of `brandAccent`, `critical` and `formAccent` tones

> When using any of the above `tone`s in a dark container, a lighter colour will be used to improve the text contrast against the background.

Reviewer: Backticks feel unnecessary here

```suggestion
When using any of the above tones in a dark container, a lighter colour will be used to improve the text contrast against the background.
```
